# Reginald Eval
Some wars are fought by soldiers, some by conscripts, and sometimes by those willing to die for their home. In very rare cases, though, those armies consist of the truest form of professionals. People raised and brought up for the sole purpose of being better than their peers and knowing how to act like it. Reginald Eval was one such person.

Born on the grassy moon of Concordia, the capital of a local trade family, Reginald was shown the way of the True Soldier from a young age. His father and grandfather had both served the Royal Guard Corps, and so Reginald would too. He actually became one of their best. He learned every way to fight, but also how to walk around a gala covered in marble pillars. Eventually, he was granted the right to join as escort detail for the royal family themselves. In his mech, he was their most powerful guardian.

It was unfortunate that Reginald had gotten his mech's sensors upgraded, allowing him to accidentally catch a snippet of conversation from the ruling family's teenage daughter in which she revealed Reginald's family had been bred specifically to be their personal guard, and nothing more. That when his contract expired in ten years, he'd be shot. And replaced.

It was equally unfortunate that pirates attacked that day. The local system was shocked when the esteemed Royal Guard failed, and the princess to their empire was gone. Nobody bothered to ask what happened to the best warrior the Corps had ever produced. He wasn't worth the effort.

One month later, a very familiar mech would be seen in new paint, with its old red cloth having been ripped off. So, Reginald began to make a name for himself as a mercenary. He never told anyone of his past, just proved himself time and again through his prowess with a building-sized rifle alone. Yet, he knew he couldn't go it solo forever. So, he made a crew. A new family to protect.

And one day, as he stopped to work out a deal with a client in some nameless colony's spaceport diner, he met a woman that peaked his interest. He hadn't seen someone with that kind of fire since the day his own eyes reflected in the digital display of his mech as pirates boarded a sparkling trade barge.

Reginald took her in, and found that she had a fire he desparately needed. Not out of love, a concept that Reginald scarcely understands or believes in, but out of sheer kinship. He needed someone to challenge him again, to prove that he could have a purpose beyond walking in old shoes without a goal. Now, he has a new one: give her the life he never had.

But he'll never tell her that. No, right now she needs to shine her boots or else she won't look presentable. After that comes the sparring practice, and then ironing tomorrow's dress jacket. Not that she'll wear it anyway.



# Ava Kalos
Ava Kalos, born on a fringe world with a name nobody cares to remember, has never had an easy life. She never knew her mother, and lost her father at an early age, whom she valued dearly, and has had to struggle to survive all her life. But this is the tale of a thousand others on the border of known space, so what should make her so special?

Because, deep down, in that dark place, she enjoys it. That wonder of not knowing whether she'll need to fight for food the next day, that slight surge in adrenaline when her paycheck is less than expected and she needs to rush to do an odd job before her bills are due so she can keep living in her rotted apartment. That's what initially drew her to a local dojo. The instructor there saw promise in her, and so opted to give her a free initial lesson. Six hours later, she had put him flat on the mat. Impressed, he gave her a half-off discount to his lessons, and she quickly garnered some skill.

Yet, her main job was being a waitress at some local diner in the only major spaceport on the planet. She'd be accosted by customers from time to time, and the crowd was usually rough, but Ava could handle herself. One of these random, nothing days, a stranger entered the diner in the dead of night. They asked for a cup of hot tea— or, whatever the equivalent was out here — and a cookie. Ava provided these, though noticed the clear signs of battle scars on the stranger's face. Something about him seemed different than the usual thug.

Barely a moment later, a drunk patron reached out, and grabbed Ava. She acted on pure instinct, turning around and slapping the customer in the face. In retaliation, the larger man stood up and charged at her in rage, but she weaved out of two strikes before throwing him into the counter. Right as the owner came charging out to reprimand Ava, the stranger approached, and said he'd take care of her.

On that day, Ava met Reginald Eval, a Lancer. And she became his star pupil, and over time, close friend. She was recruited into Reginald's small band of mercenaries, and quickly earned her place as a warrior of remarkable natural talent.

Yet, deep, deep down, Ava still longs for that danger. Sometimes it's put her in more risky places than it should, and it's become hard to make friends due to her secret lust for running that edge. She does long for companionship, beyond that of her colleagues that is, but still isn't sure if her desire for danger or languish for love will win out in the end.

Until then, she's gonna keep blasting metalcore as she overheats for another dashing-slash on an enemy mech.
