# TM Transport Carrier Alpha-Three
- Fullmoon took some damage from a grenade that got sucked into his mag boot.
- We got the data, exited the ship, and got our boarding pod moving.
- As we left, Samrat said that while the sensors could see the stars, he couldn't. As in, they're blacked out.
- The front of the ship, cockpit, sensors, and all, was cut away from the main vessel. Almost every machine was sliced free and floating.
- This damage indicates it happened several minutes after the boarding ship cut power to approach.
- The majority of the crew had stocked up in the cargo bay, the invasion point that's normally pretty empty.
- The door to the missing cockpit had been welded shut by blaster fire of some sort. The engaged crew did not have blasters.
- The cockpit was split into chunks wherever various essential machines sat.
  - No engine control, no beacon, and the nav computers needed to be cycled.
- The engines, aside from the adjustment thrusters, were out when the crew arrived.
- One thruster had spiraled into space and had its safety limiters cut to the point that it was blinding.
- The other thruster had been split in twine, with a jagged shard of a massive tooth sticking out of it.
- The engine defender threw grenades at the door to replicate knocking, as the engine room had retained pressurization. The rapid depressurization was used to activate those grenades against an invader.
  - The engine room could only detect pressure within the engine room.
  - The storage bay had pressure upon entry.
  - The engineer tragically had their suit open to the void of space via a massive rifle round a second later.
  - The shuttle engines, gradually being activated, never achieved thrust.
- At full power, an engine activated long enough to be sent cascading into the void ahead of the ship. This is the second time something normally mounted adjacent to the rear took off ahead of the ship and tilted slightly upward.
- The viewport gained a massive amount of tiny dots when the engines activated. When power focused elsewhere in the shuttle, portions of those dots vanished and revealed space and the stars.
- The command console became the second target after the engines. This is where most of the power in a small vessel tends to either route through or receive signals from. It is strong enough to form a fist, but never formed a blade or teeth.
- The particles came as almost a stream. The stronger the power source, the more of the stream rerouted toward them before rejoining the central mass.
- Caviar identified it as something akin to a priority-seeking virus, rather than a generic consumption virus.
- The target ship's engines activated and the mass pursued those. As the engines were set to full blast instead of gradual, as most ships would not risk a sudden surge, this notably damaged the mass. It responded by forming a giant fist and crushing the engines.
- Phoenix pushed the shuttle away from the ship with some clever use of borrowed mag boots and mobility suit. Then the power turned on.
- The virus pursued the shuttle until power turned off, then targeted Phoenix's thrusters, to which she turned them off and Redcoat hurled most of a safety harness to her to reel her in.
- The virus stuck to the mag boots, but didn't consume them the way it did active power. It did, however, stuff the boots until their seams surged before discarding them.
- Redcoat fell victim to the hatch's chain blades as they activated, and the virus rerouted toward those.
- Separating the chain blades sent the virus splitting in four equal tendrils, with a central mass.
- A grenade to the mass weakened it.
- The shuttle escaped, but could not leave a distress beacon behind as intended, so the next target ship has two escort vessels.
- The window for attacking will be narrower, as the ship is actively heading towards its blinkgate goal instead of pausing and waiting for its escorts.
- Redcoat suffered a shouting from the captain, Phoenix received praise during the retelling, Caviar boasted, Fullmoon focused on testing out his replaced leg, Samrat worked on replacing the entry chain blades.
- Redcoat pried some of the particles from the virus out of the folds in her messy clothing. He went to discard these by burning them, noticing they tugged the same direction, turning opposite of him.
- Ichtaca, a nondescript woman who has been the captain's chef since before he brought most of the crew, met Redcoat in the kitchen.
- She commented "Loud can still work, depending on where you do it."
- About half the time between their return and their attack remained. As Redcoat reviewed the plan and risks while strategizing, Ichtaca returned his gloves. They faintly tugged at the halfway point between the dead ship they'd looted and where the upcoming engagement would play out.
