Ava Kalos, born on a fringe world with a name nobody cares to remember, has never had an easy life. She never knew her mother, and lost her father at an early age, whom she valued dearly, and has had to struggle to survive all her life. But this is the tale of a thousand others on the border of known space, so what should make her so special?

Because, deep down, in that dark place, she enjoys it. That wonder of not knowing whether she'll need to fight for food the next day, that slight surge in adrenaline when her paycheck is less than expected and she needs to rush to do an odd job before her bills are due so she can keep living in her rotted apartment. That's what initially drew her to a local dojo. The instructor there saw promise in her, and so opted to give her a free initial lesson. Six hours later, she had put him flat on the mat. Impressed, he gave her a half-off discount to his lessons, and she quickly garnered some skill.

Yet, her main job was being a waitress at some local diner in the only major spaceport on the planet. She'd be accosted by customers from time to time, and the crowd was usually rough, but Ava could handle herself. One of these random, nothing days, a stranger entered the diner in the dead of night. They asked for a cup of hot tea— or, whatever the equivalent was out here — and a cookie. Ava provided these, though noticed the clear signs of battle scars on the stranger's face. Something about him seemed different than the usual thug.

Barely a moment later, a drunk patron reached out, and grabbed Ava. She acted on pure instinct, turning around and slapping the customer in the face. In retaliation, the larger man stood up and charged at her in rage, but she weaved out of two strikes before throwing him into the counter. Right as the owner came charging out to reprimand Ava, the stranger approached, and said he'd take care of her.

On that day, Ava met Reginald Eval, a Lancer. And she became his star pupil, and over time, close friend. She was recruited into Reginald's small band of mercenaries, and quickly earned her place as a warrior of remarkable natural talent.

Yet, deep, deep down, Ava still longs for that danger. Sometimes it's put her in more risky places than it should, and it's become hard to make friends due to her secret lust for running that edge. She does long for companionship, beyond that of her colleagues that is, but still isn't sure if her desire for danger or languish for love will win out in the end.

Until then, she's gonna keep blasting metalcore as she overheats for another dashing-slash on an enemy mech.
